hello to the viewers of my channel
today, as always, I continue together
with you to prepare your simple and useful
recipes will cook today simple
lunch and for lunch I will have stew
cabbage with red rice as you understand
most stewed cabbage is not particularly
so I think rice makes our dish
more nutritious I will say honestly red
I never cooked rice
tried not even know what he looked like
I guess he's very useful.
yes and you ask why I already which
nothing liquid
I will explain that the time has come
body and we just have a husband with children
overeat universities we buy every day
Probably 7 6 kg watermelon
it bought music so it was clearer
25 cents per kilo bought greens
bought peaches local peaches 9 hryvnia
kilogram for some reason we have them dear I
there were such peaches in transnistria
4 rubles a kilo that is almost
two and back to our today's
dish and see what is useful red
rice to be honest under my sign
questions and as always help me
internet and so in short we read this one
of the most useful rice varieties so so
so elevated antioxidants
and dietary fiber makes it better
The basis of a healthy diet is soft
the shell of this rice is easily digested
what allows not to grind grains of rice
maximum saving
vitamins and nutrients understandable
Why so expensive
the use of red rice is characterized
high in dietary fiber then
have fiber these fibers regulate
work of the intestine improves microflora
colon helps to eliminate
cholesterol decrease even weight is about
blood sugar normalizes us
detoxification of the body as a whole in the fight
overweight invaluable food with great
the amount of fiber slower
absorbed give a feeling of saturation on
longer time contains
antioxidants so so so too
is a good source of vitamin b1
and riboflavin b2
fiber iron and calcium yes this is my
the product is definitely hope me he
will like it so need for
today's dish is of course
white cabbage
I'll take two carrots I love when in
stewed cabbage or rice a lot
carrots
further onion also take 2 onions
his wife peeled sweet peaches
2 tomatoes and one from red
colors and also will add or but also in
the very end of the finished dish to
increase the beneficial properties of our lunch
I will tell you now such a time that
food manufacturers just
understood that
products are in demand now and it is
therefore, prices are rising precisely on
some organic products on the same
red rice it stands like further even
meat
but this is not our topic and in general I think
that since healthy eating should not
save
surviving its super new fashionable car is not
you will fill the gasoline of poor quality
also our body does not need it
slagged unnecessary things sorry for
compared but many mistresses are very
care about the cleanliness of your toilet
do not care about cleanliness
your body so with cabbage a
cracked down on to other vegetables
imposed onions and carrots as you see not
much mile chela I do not like when vegetables
too finely chopped hall pepper
Tomatoes do not even peel this time.
peel i dont like if you want you
can clear
I love when in cabbage there is this
sour tomato vegetables we cut
now go to the stove
I'll cook the dish in a roasting tin if
You have Kazan Chk and you can in kazachki
because the fact that vegetables tastes best
Still, I primarily in Kazan for
vegetable oil and fry carrots and
onion is now a line of pepper and tomato
registration immediately after them I add
cabbage cabbage I pre-salted
deeds and from as not my strength
allowed
stack nothing scary if you
I get a full form like mine
because our cabbage is very fast
limp and here I add half a cup
clean water and now ours to piece
I cover with a lid literally for 20 minutes
so she reduced the size gave us
juice passed literally 15 minutes how are you
see our cabbage has become much
softer and less and she started to juice +
about the water we added and
do mean not such a hole and there
I add
I will cover a little cup of our rice
make a little little fire and
I cover with the lid until readiness I bring
to be honest I won't add much
maybe at the end I will add hops-suneli again
do dinner with us children so food is not
must be strongly spicy all covered
cover do less fire and up
readiness and so our them ready honestly
I say it turned out very tasty in
this performance in which I tell you
I offer and lived all bon appetite
health and up to delicious new healthy
recipes bye